12 years ago I promised lukee that if he
stuck with me he would never go hungry
again or without a gaming PC anyway the
problem is that his tastes have gotten
kind of expensive and I think it's time
to convince him to let me out of this
one-sided agreement with the help of our
sponsor Lexar who is helping me make the
process as painful as possible I'm never
leaving this agreement okay that's not
your
line as painful as possible well like
after build it myself or something no
you have to watch them build
it are you ready to be the very best
like no one ever was I mean yeah I'm
actually kind of excited for this that's
a cool
idea bye Luke don't worry we got this
under control oh like I'm not like
helping like advise or anything we'll
see in a bit how we
did okay bye luk computers are always
Pokémon themed but instead of rock type
like his previous Geodude build we are
going full grass type with one of the
original starters from Pokemon red and
blue
Bulbasaur plastic baggies full of green
stuff you sure we weren't going Afroman
themed it is weird that there's
condensation in those bags
afrand I'm thinking it might be easier
to get some of this stuff in place
before we build the system who wants to
be on decoration Duty me please got
it I see you guys manag to find the most
hazardous glue got CA and this giant hot
glue gun what could go wrong everything
we're going to decorate it to look like
a Bulbasaur habitat yeah exactly oh wow
there's grass is this computer going to
suck like his old one no it'll suck in a
completely different way oh you picked
the parts for my old one I don't know I
didn't do any of that weird stuff that's
on you man okay all right sort your
supplies trees yeah so make a tree pile
isn't Craft Time fun I think
so that was a matter of time and then
here's a bunch of flowers what about
this what about this what about it
here's what we're going to start with my
little ladies these tubes right here
they're pretty white and pretty boring
right now it would be cool put this on
it maybe not why don't we put these
vines on it you look busy why don't you
help me build see I looked away for how
long look how long I looked away for
someone needs to actually build the
computer up you get he's just gone
better the girls are actually doing
their jobs and the boy isn't yeah that's
true that's actually true right now at
least all right we aren't going to be
covering the CPU and Greenery so why
don't we start here we've got the ryzen
7 7800 x3d this is a great chip 8 core
16 threads that boost up to and amd's 3D
V cache that helps it outclass much more
expensive chips in the right scenarios
specifically gaming however most 7800
x3ds are great we tested over a dozen of
these for a recent video and Luke will
be getting the absolute worst of the
best that's still pretty
good yeah you don't need to do that to
make it the worst the very worst bin we
could find but a really good CPU but a
really good CPU it's fine with me do you
remember how to install a CPU think you
can figure it out I did it wow wow
thanks come on boy come on little the
one building the computer today so
you're going to have to actually figure
it out okay NOP no your confidence now
he'll it's it's basically Lego he'll
figure it out lift this up nope not that
you already lifted that no not that
this don't bend those pins cuz then the
board is dead and this is a really nice
board we've gone with an azrock x67 Tai
Chi it's a little wide eatx but uh so
that's fine just means you need to be
careful when you pick your case it's
also got this Nifty White marble pattern
that a partially matches the case that
kicked off this round of upgrades yes my
friends Luke thinking this case is cool
is the whole reason that he was like
yeah I should get an upgrade right now
like okay that makes perfect sense yeah
and yeah what's up with that I didn't
ask for an upgrade at
all how did this happen I mentioned that
the case was cool to Jake like a year
and a half ago it's on Jake then and he
was like oh you should do like a build
upgrade into it and I was like go we
just be like migrating Parts like I
don't know maybe I'll just do it on my
own time and also we'll be even funnier
when we cover it up with a whole bunch
of greenery
so you can't even see it this thing just
broke yeah no no that's fine that's
supposed to break off we've all been
through that part it feels wrong when
you do it yeah who who put this did you
put this in here me yeah oh okay you got
it oh that's all oh wow okay good job
okay see I had Faith close the arm the
cameraman had to help me
oh Dad it got tangled hi oh okay so hold
on hold on hold on that's very Tangled
why did we think this was a good idea ah
where are the ends I don't know I found
one my love do you know what a
rhetorical question is no it means it's
a question that you don't actually
expect to be answered I found one though
okay and yours is wrapped and looks so
how did I get such sassy
kids I think that's not a a difficult
question to answer but also
rhetorical I think that you are ready to
start working on this there are some
things that you can't cover up youngest
child working on most critical
components let's go we've got to be able
to plug in anywhere there's a plug I
think everything else is fair game good
advice all right yeah yeah oh wow oh wow
the beautifulest AO most beautifulest
hair okay it's most beautiful not
beautifullest I know they got more sass
something you would do though wow good
job we chose this board not only because
it looks good but also because it's got
PC e Gen 5 Active cooling for the vrms
though apparently we'll be covering
those with grass four ddr5 dim slots for
our 64 gigs of 6,000 megat transfer per
second Thor memory from our sponsor for
this build Lexar uh these guys went all
out on the looks of these modules Norse
print on a tasteful aluminum heat sink
designed for Superior heat dissipation
it supports XMP and AMD Expo
overclocking and comes with a limited
lifetime warranty that probably won't
cover child related damage so Luke you
better pray my kids don't break it when
they install it do I push this I mean uh
yeah but the angle matters so don't just
like shove it normally it would matter
which slots you're installing in we're
using all four which should be fine you
can run into some compatibility issues
with four sticks of memory but this is
single rank memory so this is scary I
don't want to break it I mean I don't
care I care a little bit actually Lexar
sponsored the video so be careful not to
break their stuff wow hedge henge um
okay why don't we get why don't we get
this glute on this hurts me me goodbye
infinity mirror oh man hello Infinity
glue why does it hurt you never coming
off but look how beautiful it is now how
you doing kiddo one more are they all
clicking into place yeah wow okay good
job yeah nice not bad all right maybe
the tech tips are hereditary do you
think you can handle the glue gun yeah
so we just want to use a thin layer over
the whole area that we're gluing okay
you have a little bit of time before it
sets there you go so we're trying to
make it straight uh is that the right
orientation no it's not on straight that
was so perfect it's not on straight okay
that's fine I mean it's just Luke's
computer the next thing we're going to
be hooking Luke up with is two of
lexar's award-winning 4 TB NM 790 pcie
Gen 4 drives Lexar claims read speeds of
up to 7,400 megabytes a second and
rights of 6500 megabytes a second which
is well within the requirement for your
PS5 console Gamers out there you can
even choose to have a heat sink or no
heat sink meaning it can fit into all
kinds of tight spaces like the tight
spaces we're creating for ourselves by
putting plants all over this why are you
giving him 8 terab of storage because
Luke's a gamer so so he needs a lot of
games I guess mine only has like one
terabyte and I'm a gamer well Luke was
born first so so firstborn privilege
he's he's o yeah got him I have
garbage oh man I think we're going to
try and put them under here cuz I think
we can put two here under yeah so you
got to take these screws out first and
then every time you use this you have to
say LTT store.com LTT store.com nice
good job LTT store.com okay well no like
every timec okay not constantly okay my
girls I have something for you guys to
decorate who wants the long one and who
wants the wide one long want the wide
one please okay that worked out great as
for you you're going to have to take
this heat sink off because there's a
heat sink already on our motherboard
Precision screwdriver coming soon to LTT
store.com there you go good job this
screw is so small it would be shame if
it fell on the
floor how's your confidence doing uh
Still Still decently High to be honest
he's quite competent in general no no
not
that a little bit
lower they screw into a little soon
there I'm picking these slots because
they're both under one heat sink which
means Luke will have to do less removal
of grass covered heat sinks whenever
it's time to access his ssds so consider
it yeah okay watch your fingers I'm just
going to glue this down yeah that's
never coming off we got hot glue right
on the screws by accident by
accident that's okay can you help her
though yeah would you like help no
thanks I tried Luke I really did try
fine I have a new task for you then Lee
and Lee are Super Bros and they put
their fans on the cooler ahead of time
normally I would actually change the
orientation because I prefer to have the
fans pulling through the radiator fin so
that's it's a little bit easier to clean
Luke doesn't have any hairy pets or
anything like that though they're all
feather friends so we're just going to
leave this and screw this into the case
that's it Birds produce a lot of
dandruff cool the place you're going to
be installing this is at the back there
is this okay to take off I would leave
that for now yeah yeah I'd leave that
for now you're still pulling it
okay
wow do you want to show the camera that
bottom right thing is this is yeah you
know the GPU is going to cover a lot of
that I mean I've heard this is kind of
in style though the Little Triangle
patch these fans need to spin so we
can't put on anything that gets in the
way of them spinning but what we can do
is we can decorate the hubs in the
middle they're Infinity mirrors but now
they're Infinity
Bulbasaur you want to put shrubs on
there you want to put bushes on a fan
you can't do that trees might not the
best idea cuz I don't think they'll stay
on very well shrubs I like the shrubs
thanks David really helpful stickers
I think stickers are a really good idea
this seems like a perfect opportunity to
talk about our case we're building this
whole mess in the leanly o1 vision and
the best thing about it is how much
tempered glass it has to show off my
kids's incredible handiwork okay the
real reason we chose it was that Jake
really wanted us to include this part
that he machined in high school for a
water cooling setup that Luke never got
around to building and this case fits it
do you have any idea what he's talking
about yeah then you guys didn't use it
this the stand cuz like this went like
that so there was a plate that was
machined for the bottom of the reservoir
yeah so it could stand on this little
Post David says it was supposed to be
the stand for jacked Bulbasaur ah okay
we didn't use it no the vision variant
of the1 is especially good for custom
water cooled rigs but something that
complex was a little bit tough for my
kids so we're just going to put that
lean Le AIO in and call it a a hopefully
the daisy chain compatible radiator fans
will simplify the install I don't
remember the last time I was this
stressed out doing a PC build that's
because you barely ever do PC builds the
back is so short # liess use the use the
nerling use a what ouch have you show
him how to use a
screwdriver yes which way righty tidy I
don't know right can be either way right
or right um it's really good
Gres wow this is something this is too
yeah
okay how about this is also technically
a thing what if you guys overlap the fan
and then we just kind of cut along the
outside and then we just kind of wrap it
like that and then we can kind of
sticker bomb it I don't think I've ever
heard you be such a fan of stickers
before it just looked really good it did
yeah wait is that the kind of screw that
was in there I think it was a thumb
screw what's a thumb screw this kind
kind that you can do with your thumb dad
I don't think it was a thumb screw oh
okay then put in whatever kind
realistically it doesn't matter what
kind of screw it is it's Luke's computer
so who cares I don't want to wait half
an hour for Luke to do an update I don't
want to wait half an hour for you to get
this power supply
installed we game together sometimes and
one time me updating my games took quite
a while but this won't change that at
all cuz that was internet speed what's a
power supply I'll give you two hints
power and Supply so it makes power well
no it supplies power but that's
basically making power no it doesn't
make Power IT Supplies it and if that's
unexpected supplies
okay that didn't really land no wow you
guys did a spectacular job here I think
we're ready to install this in the case
do you want me to show you guys how to
do it or do you want me to give you
something else to decorate something
else to decorate please all right I'll
be right back didn't even look at the oh
a little bit for a second there no
they're really not that interested in
the computer can I show you guys where
this is going to go oh my brown kind of
works what we doing and then maybe you
can tell me if you have some cool ideas
for what we could put on it no thanks
yeah no you don't want to decorate it
actually yeah the GPU is going to go
right there so with that in mind you
guys have any bright ideas for what you
want to put on the back or on this side
of it or on this side of it maybe like
Vines o we could put some vines on yeah
Vines yeah and then maybe on the back we
could put grass and we could make a
field and that could be where our bu
lives sure yeah okay all right so
supportive yeah fine yeah definitely
flowers you guys can put flowers on this
one once all the grass is on it
okay we should only need two pieces if
you guys use them efficiently and there
are some places you can't cover we can't
cover here because that's going to
impact Cooling and everywhere else is
probably fine realistically also note I
said don't cover this immediately the
one place they want to put something
time to get this radiator installed I'm
not supposed to be doing this so you're
doing it and it goes in this spot
here yeah probably not gets really good
really good
crates oh look at that you made a little
cutout for the power connector good job
dad this has dots on oh that's fine we
can just cut a new uh a new bit for that
okay how's it going I did it good job
Reddit so he got the rad and the fans by
himself no oh so thermal compound goes
on the CPU is this safe yeah it's safe
okay so oh no yeah wait but put it up
against it yeah you're going to have to
squeeze like you uh didn't inherit your
mother's strength she has
fortitude but not strength yeah know
okay let's get this glued down first
sound good
good okay this is
happening I'm excited about the trees
truthfully this is a bit of a side grade
for Luke it's an Asus 4080 knock to a OC
Edition it's got 16 gigs of gddr 6X
little overclock on it most importantly
it has these sick gigantic noct to a
fans that are dead freaking silent while
keeping this thing running nice and cool
and they're going to have some
insulation to work against now in the
form of this grass it smells bad yeah
it's hot glue honey yeah it's a great
card and it'll run anything you throw at
it but realistically the biggest reason
we chose it was noct toa's trademark
Brown aesthetic it goes perfectly with
our forest theme or it'll look awful in
a white case I don't know all remains to
be seen yeah I think it looked great oh
it stinks it's this is actual Moss what
how does this work fluff the Moss it's
Moss is that okay though like is it
going to rot well we fluffed it is it
going to rot now it's fluffed more what
happens to more natural look like dried
out Moss over time sounds like a Luke
problem yeah it's also a lot of glue
well it was all was all flaky I didn't
want it to come off there Moss oh wow
good job you guys is Luke going to have
to water his computer I mean it depends
if you want to keep your moss green you
might that's true you tested all this
stuff ahead of oh yeah it all works okay
or at least it did it
did great he plugged in all the power
nice that one goes there it only goes in
one way so just try it one way and then
if it doesn't go then try it the other
way and then if it doesn't go again then
you must have screwed it up the first
time and tried the other way again USB
baby what if it doesn't go the third
time uh well then try again
wow will really like it yeah I think so
you guys are going to decorate the GPU
support and then when that's done it's
going to be time to make a field and
some trees and stuff for Bulbasaur
should we make this a
pond paint no paint GPU support ah nice
going to put on RGB cables watch me fail
no no dude you got this you got this
oopsie okay so we have two of them dad
at the end can I make one of these
things where you put it around your head
you can do it now if you want yay but
how am I going to put it together I have
no idea I can hot glue it to your head
if you want yeah please not too my yeah
please
wait we are getting really close to
putting it together and decorating time
got a rear fan here ah
ah David what do you what our tree stand
look at this our tree stand it's our
third fan in the bottom and then you can
stick trees in it I don't know whose
ideas are worse the kids or the adults
what that's a good idea edit's notes
make a code that says Luke's PC to get
5% off stuff in the LT store you're not
allowed to give discounts on LT
store editor's note make a discount on
the LTV store he figured out the code if
you clap they can't say no no so this is
going to go here you guys need to think
then anywhere where there's going to be
stuff in the way you can't have tall
trees but we can have flowers yeah you
can have flowers here or little bushes
and stuff so I was thinking maybe
Bulbasaur could live in here and we
could have some trees kind of out here
and he could have like a little hidden
away area okay you've already seen this
Bulbasaur but have you seen this
Bulbasaur can we vote I vote for Big Man
little Bulbasaur is going to live up
here somewhere and then big fat
Bulbasaur can go in the front he's not
fat he's big bone so guys can you make a
forest and a little habitat for
Bulbasaur on the back of the GPU so this
is going to be the front corner so maybe
have it face this way amazing
contribution little man oh man that
works we might need to put some hot glue
oh I feel like there's going to be some
extras for this one lm. g/f flat plane
let me put it this way Jack Bulbasaur is
never
moving so you want flowers on the tree
and I we could screw you don't have to
do all of them at least one of each
color them that's the face of a man
who's regretting his decisions yeah
let's go he's he's starting to run out
of energy how's the front part look wow
it looks like he's it looks like he's
like crashing through the trees that
look aming but it's so sick he's
like here's the big moment you guys
ready this is the big moment Bulbasaur
is the big this is a pretty big moment
wowe sticking out of this wall please I
like that this implies that you're
jacked Bulbasaur please turn on computer
please this would be so much work to
redo at this point I guess before we
press the power button I should talk
about our seic 1000 wat Prime TX power
supply uh Luke ran into a few power
supply related issues during the Radeon
challenge so we wanted to pick one that
he could trust it's got a hybrid fan
that only kicks in at 40% load for that
Zen state that Bulbasaur so much enjoys
and it's 80 plus titanium certified
against my better judgment we have used
lean Lee's streamer RGB cable extensions
I am not a fan but neither is
Luke
wow it's beautiful is that beautiful or
what the sticker bomm with the RGB
behind it actually looks kind of amazing
on the fans yeah like unironically looks
really cool hey David oh
yes yes there it is who can be trusted
to do the sticker perfectly me B are
sticking his tongue
out okay let's out okay I just broke it
by the way that really hurt I was trying
to play it cool did you did you bleed it
Hur oh yeah is your blood in my computer
oh yeah nice and definitely tears wait
hold on if I uh started spinning if I
break this
one and this
one normally there is logic to that but
I've had yeah it's a seven blade fan
yeah yeah yeah sorry about that bro I
don't think there's any way to balance a
seven blade fan fewer than seven blades
nope well I tried uh we we'll put a new
fan D in back
nope but it looks Sor every perfect and
what about this shape I cut in the
middle and the flower I know we'll put
it back on don't worry we can take that
off and we can put it on the new fan
here we
go look at that wow it looks great
though it does look great and I
helped that bad news everyone I think
Luke is going to absolutely love it uhoh
what we're trying to figure out right
now is a whether he and I are actually
related because if we are he should be
pretty good at Halo and two whether this
computer can actually handle a gaming
load we did put some stuff in there that
shouldn't obstruct airf flow CPUs at 52
gpus at 35 degrees yeah see the nocta
fans just don't care at all no that's
wicked are these temps right that's
incredible that can't be right actually
crazy can be right cuz it was like it
was do do you have Halo framec it's
quite the growth yeah the bulbasaurus
are having some protein they are you
know what under a heavier load it would
probably get hotter cuz you're probably
right Halo is probably frame capped
still still pretty good Lexar asked us
to do a quick Crystal dis Mark run to
validate their claims about the
performance of this drive and there it
is everything's performing EX exactly
like we would expect in spite of the
situation in
there you want me to look away it's a
labor of love ah children worked on it
don't be too harsh
okay what no this is amazing what do you
mean oh my God immediately puts us back
to the camera thank you Luke you've
forgotten everything that is so awesome
I love how it's like swole Venusaur too
he's not just like chilling at all it's
Bulbasaur not Venusaur man this is
actually so cool and it's most ly not
broken and we think it might
work I suspect this like you know uh
stuff coming out of the bottom is
probably going to continue um well given
that we used real moss I was going to
say it looks really realistic where did
you get it from so this Moss here and
this Moss here is real I mean real in
the sense that they're organic it came
from outside we need to put came from
outside we need to put the bottom panel
in what is it Bulbasaur no like what's
in it what are the components is that
just part of the mystery I guess I don't
get to know I guess you'll find out
what's in it why we chose it see it's
grass a GTX grass yeah also that fan
might be missing some blades what well
the kids I mean you can't be trust you
did you did I'm not surprised that lonus
may have been the biggest problem with
this build LOL fan deal with it is that
you
no I approve of this message though this
may be one of my favorite builds we've
ever done actually no joke we just
filmed a video on our favorite builds
this would have been in it 100% for me
yeah this is super
cool the little details like nothing
lining up at all they kind of get lost
in the overall package like I I honestly
didn't notice at all the first time I
looked at it and like now now that
you've watched it you can probably spot
some but it doesn't seem that major cuz
there's so much going on yeah and look
this fan totally still blows some air
technically not very much but
technically
yeah it looks sweet I I'm I'm super
super stoked and I'm super stoked to
tell you guys hey why not go check out
the video where we spilled a can of Coke
into a computer and then spoiler fully
recovered it oh no damage so there's
hope that I'll be able to survive with
the Moss I said Coke not Moss still
green
yeah for now I think it'll be okay I
think that Fan's buzzing a little sounds
like a Luke problem